2. Visual language – borrow more from hero/projects

You’ve already moved toward the hero style, but About still feels flatter.

Changes

Add a subtle connecting motif

Draw a faint horizontal rule from the center “ABOUT” lines out toward the terminal card, or

Add a tiny label above the terminal that matches your PROJECT 01 / RESEARCH BLOG style, e.g. PROFILE — TERMINAL.

Make the chips feel like the project tags

Use the exact same pill style (border weight, font, tracking) for LANGUAGES / FRAMEWORKS / TOOLS tags as the tech stack chips in your project cards.

This immediately visually links “skills” ↔ “projects”.

Reuse the dot/grid or noise

Add a very low-contrast dot/noise overlay inside the terminal or behind the skill chips, similar to the hero background but toned down, so this section clearly lives in the same universe.

3. Motion – less “static,” but not louder than the hero

You already have:

Heading spring

Text slide-in

Staggered tags

Terminal slide-in

Status pulse

Cursor blink

That’s a lot on paper, but it may feel static because nothing reacts to the user after first load.

Subtle improvements

Add one tiny reactive moment

When the section scrolls into view the first time, have the terminal “type” a single short command + result:

mario@portfolio:~$ whoami
Mario Camarena — Graduate Research Assistant

Keep it super quick (under 1s) and only once per page load; no looping.

Tone down overlapping entrance motions

Reduce the distance of the text slide-in and the springiness of the heading so they feel more like the Projects section’s entrance and less “floaty.”

Make sure the timing ladder is:

Heading appears → text + terminal slide in → chips fade up.

Hover micro-interactions

On desktop, when you hover the terminal card:

Slight lift + border brighten (same as project cards).

Maybe the cursor switches from solid to a gentle blink, or the status dot brightens slightly.

This gives the section a bit of life after the initial scroll without adding new big animations.